# Test1

## Passage 1

**William Henry Perkin**

**The man who invented synthetic dyes**

 

William Henry Perkin was born on March 12, 1838, in London, England. As a boy, Perkin’s curiosity prompted early interests in the arts, sciences, photography, and engineering. But it was a chance **==stumbling==[^stumble: v.偶然发现] upon**[^stumble upon：发现] a ==run-down==[^破旧的], yet ==functional==[^功能齐全的], laboratory in his ==late==[^已故的] grandfather’s home that solidified the young man’s enthusiasm for chemistry.

 

As a student at the City of London School, Perkin became ==immersed==[^沉浸的；专注的] in the study of chemistry. His talent and devotion to the subject were perceived by his teacher, Thomas Hall, who encouraged him to attend a series of lectures given by the eminent scientist Michael Faraday at the Royal Institution. Those speeches fired the young chemist’s enthusiasm further, and he later **went on to**[^go on to do sth.：继续做某事] attend the Royal College of Chemistry, which he **succeeded in**[^succeed in doing sth.：成功做某事] entering in 1853, at the age of 15.

 

At the time of Perkin’s enrolment, the Royal College of Chemistry was headed by the noted German chemist August Wilhelm Hofmann. Perkin’s scientific gifts soon caught Hofmann’s attention and, within two years, he became Hofmann’s youngest assistant. **Not long after**[^……不久之后] that, Perkin made the scientific breakthrough that would bring him both fame and fortune.

 

At the time, quinine was the only ==viable==[^切实可行的] medical treatment for ==malaria==[^疟疾]. The drug **is derived from**[^be derived from：源自于] the bark of the ==cinchona==[^金鸡纳树] tree, native to South America, and by 1856 demand for the drug was surpassing the available supply. Thus, when Hofmann **made some ==passing==[^随便的；这里引申义“随口的”] comments about**[^make comments about：对……发表评论] the desirability of a synthetic substitute for quinine, it was unsurprising that his ==star pupil==[^得意门生] **was moved to**[^be moved to do sth.：被打动去做某事] **take up**[^接受] the challenge.

 

During his vacation in 1856, Perkin spent his time in the laboratory on the top floor of his family’s house. He was **attempting to**[^attemp to do sth.：试图做某事] manufacture quinine from ==aniline==[^苯胺], an inexpensive and ==readily==[^容易地] available ==coal==[^煤] ==tar==[^焦油] ==waste product==[^废料]. Despite his best efforts, however, he did not **end up with**[^最终得到] quinine. Instead, he produced a mysterious dark ==sludge==[^沉淀物]. Luckily, Perkin’s scientific training and nature prompted him to investigate the substance further. ==Incorporating==[^incorporate：v. 混合] ==potassium==[^钾] ==dichromate==[^重铬酸盐] and alcohol into the aniline **at various stages of**[^在……的不同阶段] the experimental process, he finally produced a deep purple ==solution==[^溶液]. And, proving the truth of the famous scientist Louis Pasteur’s <u>words ‘chance favours only the prepared mind’</u>[^引号里的话解释words], Perkin saw the potential of his unexpected find.

 

Historically, textile dyes were made from **such** natural sources **as**[^such ... as ...：诸如(as)……的……] plants and animal ==excretions==[^排泄物]. Some of these, such as the ==glandular==[^腺的] ==mucus==[^黏液] of ==snails==[^蜗牛], were difficult to obtain and ==outrageously==[^凶残的；引申义“极其”] expensive. ==Indeed==[^实际上], the purple colour extracted from a snail was once so costly that in society at the time only ==the rich==[^n. 富人] could afford it. Further, natural dyes **tended to**[^tend to do：倾向于] be ==muddy==[^浑浊的] in ==hue==[^颜色] and fade quickly. <u>It was ==against==[^prep. 以……为背景] this ==backdrop==[^背景] that Perkin’s discovery was made.</u>[^强调句：被强调部分是 “against this backdrop”（在这样的背景下），它是一个介词短语，在原句中作状语]

 

Perkin quickly grasped that his purple solution could be used to colour fabric, thus making it the world’s first synthetic dye. Realizing the importance of this breakthrough, he **lost no time in**[^lose no time in doing sth.：立即做某事] patenting it. But perhaps the most fascinating of all Perkin’s reactions to his find was his ==nearly==[^几乎] ==instant==[^马上的] ==recognition==[^识别] that the new dye had commercial possibilities.

 

Perkin originally named his dye Tyrian Purple, but it later became commonly known as mauve (from the French for the plant used to make the colour violet). He asked advice of Scottish dye ==works==[^工厂] owner Robert Pullar, who ==assured==[^assure：v.向……保证] him that manufacturing the dye would be well worth it if the colour remained ==fast==[^不褪色的] (i.e. would not fade) and the ==cost==[^成本] was relatively low. So, ==over==[^prep. 尽管] the fierce objections of his mentor Hofmann, he left college to **give birth to**[^使诞生] the modern chemical industry.

 

With the help of his father and brother, Perkin **set up**[^建立] a factory not far from London. Utilising the cheap and plentiful coal tar that was an almost unlimited byproduct of London’s gas street lighting, the dye works began producing the world’s first synthetically dyed material in 1857. The company received a commercial ==boost==[^推动；促进；引申义“繁荣”] from the ==Empress==[^皇后] Eugenie of France, when she decided the new colour ==flattered==[^flatter：v.使高兴] her. Very soon, mauve was the necessary ==shade==[^色调] for all the fashionable ladies in that country. Not to be ==outdone==[^outdo：v.胜过；超过], England’s Queen Victoria also appeared in public wearing a mauve gown, thus making it all the ==rage==[^风靡一时] in England as well. The dye was ==bold==[^明显的] and fast, and the public ==clamoured==[^clamour：v.强烈要求] for more. Perkin **went back to the drawing board**[^go back to the drawing board：重新规划].

 

Although Perkin’s <u>fame was achieved</u> and <u>fortune assured</u>[^省略了 “was”，完整形式为 “was assured”，与 “fortune” 搭配，表示 “财富被确保”] by his first discovery, the chemist continued his research. <u>Among other dyes he developed and introduced were aniline red (1859) and aniline black (1863) and, in the late 1860s, Perkin’s green.</u>[^完全倒装句。正常语序应该是 “Aniline red (1859) and aniline black (1863) and, in the late 1860s, Perkin’s green were among other dyes he developed and introduced”] It is important to note that Perkin’s synthetic dye discoveries had outcomes far beyond the merely decorative. The dyes also became vital to medical research **in many ways**[^在许多方面]. **For instance**[^例如], they were used to stain previously invisible microbes and bacteria, allowing researchers to identify such ==bacilli==[^细菌] as ==tuberculosis==[^肺结核], ==cholera==[^霍乱], and ==anthrax==[^炭疽]. Artificial dyes continue to play a crucial role today. And, <u>in what would have been particularly pleasing to Perkin</u>[^插入语成分。其中 “what would have been particularly pleasing to Perkin” 是一个宾语从句，作介词 “in” 的宾语。在这个宾语从句中，“what” 充当主语，表示 “…… 的事情”], their current use is **in the search for**[^在寻找…… 方面] a vaccine against malaria.



==group==：n. 群体





## Passage 2

**Is There Anybody Out There?**

**The Search for Extra-terrestrial Intelligence**

The question of whether we are alone in the Universe has haunted humanity for centuries, but we may now stand ==poised==[^做好准备的；自信的] on the brink of the answer to that question, <u>as</u>[^随着] we search for radio signals from other intelligent civilizations.This search, often known by the ==acronym==[^首字母缩略词] SETI (search for extra-terrestrial intelligence), is a difficult one. Although groups around the world have been searching ==intermittently==[^间歇地] for three decades, it is only now that we have reached the level of technology <u>where</u>[^“where” 在从句中作地点状语，相当于 “at the level of technology”] we can **make a determined attempt to**[^make an attempt to do sth.：尝试做某事] **search** all nearby stars **for**[^search ... for ...：为了寻找……而搜查……] any sign of life.

A

The primary reason for the search is basic curiosity – the same curiosity about the natural world that drives all pure science. We want to know whether we are alone in the Universe. We want to know whether life evolves naturally if given the right conditions, or whether there is something very special about the Earth to have fostered the variety of life forms that we see around us on the planet. The simple detection of a radio signal will be sufficient to answer ==this==[^指代特定的事物，这里一般最高级前有"the"，代替"the"的作用] ==most basic==[^最基础的] ==of==[^在所有…… 当中] all questions. **In this sense**[^在这种意义上], SETI is another ==cog==[^齿轮] in the machinery of pure science which is continually **pushing out**[^push out：拓宽] the ==horizon==[^范围] of our knowledge. However, **there are other reasons for**[^there are reasons for：对于……存在原因] being interested in whether life exists elsewhere. For example, we have had civilization on Earth for perhaps only a few thousand years, and the threats of nuclear war and pollution over the last few decades have told us that our survival may be ==tenuous==[^纤细的；稀薄的；贫乏的；引申义”脆弱的“]. Will we last another two thousand years or will we wipe ourselves out? ==Since==[^既然] the lifetime of a planet like ours is several billion years, we can expect that, if other civilizations do survive in our galaxy, their ages will **range from** zero **to**[^range from ... to ...：从……到……的范围内变动] several billion years. Thus any other civilization that we hear from is likely to be far older, on average, than ourselves. The mere existence of such a civilization will tell us that ==long-term==[^长期的] survival is possible, and gives us some cause for ==optimism==[^乐观]. It is even possible that the older civilization may **pass on**[^传递] the benefits of their experience in dealing with threats to survival such as nuclear war and global pollution, and other threats that we haven't yet discovered.

B

In discussing whether we are alone, most SETI scientists adopt two ground rules. First, UFOs (Unidentified Flying Objects) are generally ignored since most scientists don’t **consider** the evidence for them **to be**[^conside ... to be ...：认为…… 是……] strong enough to ==bear==[^承担；忍受；引申义”值得“] ==serious==[^认真的] consideration (although it is also important to **keep an open mind**[^保持开放的心态] **in case**[^以防] any really convincing evidence emerges in the future). Second, we make a very conservative assumption that we are looking for a life form that is pretty well like us, since if it differs radically from us we may well not recognize it as a life form, **quite apart from**[^更不用说] whether we are able to communicate with it. **In other words**[^换句话说], the life form we are looking for may well have two green heads and seven fingers, but it will nevertheless resemble us **in that**[^因为] it should <u>communicate</u> with its fellows, <u>be</u> interested in the Universe, <u>live</u> on a planet orbiting a star like our Sun, and perhaps most ==restrictively==[^限制性地；引申义”严格地“], <u>have</u>[^communicate、be、live和have是接着should的四个并列谓语] a chemistry, like us, based on carbon and water.

C

==Even==[^adv. 即使] when we make these assumptions, our understanding of other life forms is still severely limited. We do not even know, for example, how many stars have planets, and we certainly do not know how likely it is that life will arise naturally, given the right conditions. However, when we look at the 100 billion stars in our galaxy (the Milky Way), and 100 billion galaxies in the observable Universe, it seems ==inconceivable==[^难以想象的] that **at least one** of these planets does **not have**[^一个都没有] a life form on it; in fact, the best educated guess we can make, **using the little that**[^凭借一点] we do know about the conditions for carbon-based life, leads us to estimate that perhaps one in 100,000 stars might have a ==life-bearing==[^存在生命的] planet orbiting it. That means that our nearest neighbours are perhaps 100 light years away, which is almost ==next door==[^隔壁邻居] **in ==astronomical==[^天文学的] terms**[^in ... terms：从……角度来讲].

D

An alien civilization could choose many different ways of sending information across the galaxy, but many of these either require too much energy, or else are severely ==attenuated==[^attenuate：v.减弱] while ==traversing==[^traverse：v.穿过] the vast distances across the galaxy. It turns out that, for a given amount of ==transmitted power==[^发射频率], radio waves in the frequency range 1000 to 3000 MHz travel the greatest distance, and so all searches to date have concentrated on looking for radio waves in this frequency range. So far there have been a number of searches by various groups around the world, including Australian searches using the radio telescope at Parkes, New South Wales. Until now there have not been any detections from the few hundred stars which have been searched. The scale of the searches has been increased dramatically since 1992, when the US Congress voted NASA $10 million per year for ten years to conduct a thorough search for extra-terrestrial life. Much of the money in this project is being spent on developing the special hardware needed to search many frequencies **at once**[^==同时==；立刻]. The project has two parts. One part is a targeted search using the world’s largest radio telescopes, the American-operated telescope in Arecibo, Puerto Rico and the French telescope in Nancy in France. This part of the project is searching the ==nearest==[^最近的] 1000 ==likely==[^可能的] stars with high sensitivity for signals in the frequency range 1000 to 3000 MHz. The other part of the project is an undirected search which is monitoring all of space with a lower sensitivity, using the smaller ==antennas==[^antenna：n.天线] of NASA’s Deep Space Network.

E

There is considerable debate over how we should react if we detect a signal from an alien civilization. Everybody agrees that we should not reply immediately. **Quite apart from**[^且不说] the ==impracticality==[^不切实际] of sending a reply over such large distances **at short notice**[^在短时间内], it raises **a host of**[^许多；大量] ==ethical==[^道德的] questions that would have to be addressed by the ==global community==[^国际社会] before any reply could be sent. Would the human race face the culture shock if faced with a superior and much older civilisaiton? Luckily, there is not urgency about this. The stars <u>being searched</u>[^现在分词的被动形式作后置定语] are hundreds of light years away, so **it takes** hundreds of years **for** their signal **to**[^**it takes + 时间 + for sb./sth. to do sth.**：做某事花费某人 / 某物多长时间] reach us, and **a ==further==[^额外的；进一步的] few hundred years**[^**a further + 数量词**：再额外的…… 数量] for our reply to reach them. It’s not important, ==then==[^adv. 到那时], if there’s a delay of a few years, or decades, while the human race debates the question of **whether to**[^是否去做某事] reply, and perhaps carefully ==drafts==[^draft：v.起草] a reply.



==life expectancy==：预期寿命

**pick up**：==接收==；捡起；（开车）接载；学会；好转



## Passage 3

**The history of the tortoise**

If you **go back far enough**[^追溯到远古时期] everything lived in the sea. At various ==points==[^时刻；阶段] in evolutionary history, ==enterprising==[^有胆量的] individuals within many different animal groups moved out onto the land, sometimes even to the most ==parched==[^干透的；炎热的；引申义”干旱的“] deserts, taking their own private sea water with them in blood and ==cellular==[^细胞的] fluids. **In addition to**[^除了] the reptiles, birds, mammals and insects which we see all around us, other groups that have succeeded out of water include ==scorpions==[^蝎子], snails, crustaceans such as ==woodlice==[^潮虫] and ==land crabs==[^陆蟹], ==millipedes==[^千足虫] and ==centipedes==[^蜈蚣], spiders and their kin and various worms. And we mustn't forget the plants, without whose prior invasion of the land none of the other migrations could have happened.

 

Moving from water to land involved a major redesign of every aspect of life, including breathing and reproduction. Nevertheless, with what seems almost like ==perversity==[^任性], **a good number of**[^许多；大量] ==thoroughgoing==[^完全的；彻底的] land animals later turned ==around==[^adv.掉头], abandoned their ==hard-earned==[^来之不易的] terrestrial ==re-tooling==[^重新装备；更换工具；引申义”适应性改变“], and trooped back into the water again. Seals and sea lions (such as the ==breathtakingly==[^惊人地；引申义”极其“] ==tame==[^温顺的] Galápagos sea lion) have only gone ==part-way==[^部分地；一定程度上地] back. They **show us**[^show sb. sth.：向某人展示某物] **what** the ==intermediates==[^中间形态] might have **been like**[^what ... be like：……是什么样的], **on the way to**[^在去…… 的路上；在通往…… 的过程中] extreme cases such as whales and ==dugongs==[^儒艮]. Whales (including the small whales we call dolphins), and dugongs with their close cousins the ==manatees==[^海牛], **ceased to be**[^cease to be：不再是……] land creatures altogether and **==reverted==[^恢复] to**[^revert to：恢复到……] the full marine ==habits==[^习性]of their remote ancestors. They don't even come ==ashore==[^在岸上] to breed. They ==do==[^表示确实、的确的意思，强调谓语动词 “breathe”], however, still breathe air, <u>having never developed</u>[^现在分词短语作原因状语，现在分词的完成式的否定形式] anything **equivalent to**[^等同于；与…… 相当] the ==gills==[^鳃] of their earlier marine ==incarnation==[^化身；典型；引申义”形态“]. ==Turtles==[^海龟] went back to the sea **much longer ago**[^很久之前] and, like all vertebrate returnees to the water, they breathe air. However, they are, **in one respect**[^在一个方面], ==less fully==[^程度副词，less ... than ...] **given back to**[^be given back to：回归到] the water than whales or dugongs, <u>for</u>[^引导原因状语从句，表示”因为“] turtles still lay their eggs on beaches.

 

**There is evidence that**[^有证据表明] all modern turtles **are descended from**[^be descended from：是……后代] a terrestrial ancestor which lived before most of the dinosaurs. There are two key fossils called *Proganochelys quenstedti* and *Palaeochersis talampayensis* **dating from**[^date from：追溯到……] early dinosaur times, which **appear to**[^appear to be：似乎是；看起来是] **be close to**[^接近；靠近] the ancestry of all modern turtles and tortoises. You might wonder how we tell whether fossil animals, live on land or in water, especially if only fragments are found. Sometimes it's obvious. ==Ichthyosaurs==[^鱼龙] were reptilian ==contemporaries==[^contemporary：n.同时代的人或物] of the dinosaurs, with fins and streamlined bodies. The fossils look like dolphins and they surely lived like dolphins, in the water. With turtles it is **a little**[^一点] less obvious. One way to tell is by measuring the bones of their forelimbs.

 

Walter Joyce and Jacques Gauthier, at Yale University, obtained three measurements in these particular bones of 71 species of living turtles and tortoises. They used a kind of triangular ==graph paper==[^坐标纸] to plot the three measurements **against one another**[^相互之间]. All the land tortoise species formed a ==tight==[^密集的] cluster of points in the upper part of the triangle; all the water turtles cluster in the lower part of the triangular graph. There was no overlap, except when they added some species that spend time in both water and land. **Sure enough**[^当然], these ==amphibious==[^两栖的，水陆两用的] species **show up**[^出现] on the triangular graph approximately **half way between** the "wet cluster" of sea turtle **and**[^half way between... and...：在…… 和…… 之间的中间位置] the "dry cluster" of land tortoises. The next step was to determine where the fossils ==fell==[^fall：v.落在；引申义”处于（特定位置）“]. The bones of P. *quenstedti* and P. *talampayensis* **leave us**[^leave sb. + 宾语补足语：使某人处于某种状态] **in no doubt**[^毫无疑问]. Their points on the graph are right in the thick of the dry cluster. Both these fossils were dry-land tortoises. They come from the ==era==[^时代] before our turtles returned to the water.

 

You might think, therefore, that modern land tortoises have probably <u>stayed</u> on land **ever since**[^自从…… 以来] those early terrestrial times, <u>as</u>[^引导方式状语从句，意为 “正如；像…… 一样”] most mammals <u>did</u>[^指代前文 “stayed（待在）” 这个动作] after **a few**[^少数] of them went back to sea. But apparently not. If you draw out the family tree of all modern turtles and tortoises, nearly all the branches are ==aquatic==[^水栖的]. Today's land tortoises constitute a single branch, deeply <u>nested</u>[^过去分词短语作后置定语；nest: v.嵌套] among branches consisting of aquatic turtles. This suggests that modern land tortoises have not stayed on land continuously since the time of P. *quenstedti* and P. *talampayensis*. Rather, their ancestors were ==among==[^prep. 在……当中] those who went back to the water, and they then ==re-emerged==[^re-emerge：v.重新出现；再度出现] back onto the land **in** (==relatively==[^相对地]) more recent **times**[^in ... times：在…… 时期].

 

Tortoises therefore represent a ==remarkable==[^显著的；非凡的] double return. **In common with**[^与…… 一样] all mammals, reptiles and birds, their remote ancestors were marine fish and <u>before that</u>[^在那之前”，指代在成为海洋鱼类之前] various **more or less**[^或多或少] worm-like creatures **<u>stretching</u>[^现在分词短语作后置定语，修饰 “worm - like creatures”] back**, <u>still in the sea</u>[^插入语，进一步说明追溯过程中生物所处的环境依旧是在海洋中], **to**[^stretch back to：追溯到] the ==primeval==[^原始的] bacteria. Later ancestors lived on land and stayed there for a very large number of generations. Later ancestors still evolved back into the water and became sea turtles. And finally they returned ==yet==[^adv. 又] again to the land as tortoises, <u>some of which</u>[^“which”，引导非限制性定语从句（限制性：去掉从句，主句意思不明确；非限制性：先行词的附加说明，去掉不影响主句意思），先行词为 “tortoises”，在从句中作 “of” 的宾语，“some of which” 表示 “其中一些（陆龟）”], though not the Galápagos ==giants==[^巨物], now live in **the driest of**[^the + 形容词最高级 + of：在…… 中最…… 的] deserts.



**a total of**：总共；总计（用于强调数量的总和）

**be added to**：被增加到……；**add ... to ...**：把……添加到……中

Bones of P. quenstedti and P. talampayensis were examined in a similar way and <u>the results added</u>.：省略句，完整形式应该是 “the results were added (to some other results)”



# Test2

## Passage 1

A  Hearing impairment or other auditory function ==deficit==[^缺陷] in young children can have a major impact on their development of speech and communication, resulting in a ==detrimental==[^有害的] effect on their ability to learn at school. This is likely to have major consequences for the individual and the population **as a whole**[^全体]. The New Zealand Ministry of Health has found from research carried out over two decades that 6%-10% of children in that country are affected by hearing loss.

B A ==preliminary==[^初步的] study in New Zealand has shown that classroom noise presents a major concern for teachers and pupils. Modern teaching practices, the organization of desks in the classroom, poor classroom ==acoustics==[^音响效果], and mechanical means of ventilation such as air-conditioning units all contribute to **the number of**[^许多] children unable to comprehend the teacher’s voice. Education researchers Nelson and Soli have also suggested that recent trends in learning often involve collaborative interaction of multiple minds and tools as much as individual ==possession==[^拥有；引申义”获取“] of information. This all **amounts to**[^amount to：等同于；达到] heightened activity and noise levels, which have the potential to be particularly serious for children experiencing auditory function deficit. Noise in classrooms can only ==exacerbate==[^使恶化] their difficulty in comprehending and processing verbal communication with other children and instructions from the teacher.

C Children with auditory function deficit are potentially failing to learn to their maximum potential because of noise levels generated in classrooms. The effects of noise on the ability of children to learn effectively in typical classroom environments are now the subject of increasing concern. The International Institute of Noise Control Engineering (I-INCE), on the advice of the World Health Organization, has established an international working party, which includes New Zealand, to evaluate noise and ==reverberation==[^回声] control for school rooms.

D While the detrimental effects of noise in classroom situations are not limited to children experiencing disability, those with a disability that affects their processing of speech and verbal communication could be extremely vulnerable. The auditory function deficits **in question**[^提及] include hearing impairment, autistic spectrum disorders (ASD) and attention deficit disorders (ADD/ADHD).

E ==Autism==[^自闭症] is considered a neurological and genetic life-long disorder that causes discrepancies in the way information is processed. This disorder is characterized by ==interlinking==[^interlink：v.互连] problems with social imagination, social communication and social interaction. **According to**[^根据] Janzen, this affects the ability to understand and ==relate==[^联系] in ==typical==[^平常的] ways to people, understand events and objects in the environment, and understand or respond to ==sensory==[^感官的] ==stimuli==[^刺激]. Autism does not allow learning or thinking in the same ways as in children who are developing normally. Autistic spectrum disorders often result in major difficulties in comprehending ==verbal==[^口头的] information and speech processing. Those experiencing these disorders often find sounds such as crowd noise and the noise generated by machinery painful and ==distressing==[^使痛苦的]. This is difficult to scientifically ==quantify==[^量化] <u>as</u>[^因为] such extra-sensory stimuli vary greatly from one ==autistic==[^患自闭症的] individual to another. But a child who finds any type of noise in their classroom or learning space ==intrusive==[^打扰的] is likely to be ==adversely==[^有害地] affected in their ability to process information.

F The attention deficit disorders **are indicative of**[^表现出] neurological and genetic disorders and are characterized by difficulties with sustaining attention, effort and persistence, organization skills and disinhibition. Children experiencing these disorders find it difficult to **screen out**[^筛选出] unimportant information, and focus on everything in the environment **rather than**[^而不是] attending to a single activity. Background noise in the classroom becomes a major distraction, which can affect their ability to concentrate.

G Children experiencing an auditory function deficit can often find speech and communication very difficult to isolate and process when set against high levels of background noise. These levels come from outside activities that penetrate the classroom structure, from teaching activities, and other noise generated inside, which can be exacerbated by room reverberation. Strategies are needed to obtain the optimum classroom construction and perhaps a change in classroom culture and methods of teaching. In particular, the effects of noisy classrooms and activities on those experiencing disabilities in the form of auditory function deficit need thorough investigation. It is probable that many undiagnosed children exist in the education system with ‘invisible’ disabilities. Their needs are less likely to be met than those of children with known disabilities.

H The New Zealand Government has developed a New Zealand Disability Strategy and has **embarked on**[^embark on：开始；着手于] a ==wide-ranging==[^广泛的] ==consultation==[^咨询] process. The strategy recognizes that people experiencing disability face significant barriers in achieving a full quality of life in areas such as ==attitude==[^态度；看法；引申义”世俗观念“], education, employment and access to services. Objective 3 of the New Zealand Disability Strategy is to ‘Provide the Best Education for Disabled People’ by improving education so that all children, youth learners and adult learners will have equal opportunities to learn and develop within their already existing local school. For a successful education, the learning environment is vitally significant, so any effort to improve this is likely to **be of great benefit to**[^be of benefit to：对……有益] all children, ==but==[^表示强调] especially to those with auditory function disabilities.

I  A number of countries are already in the process of formulating their own standards for the control and reduction of classroom noise. New Zealand will probably follow their example. The literature to date on noise in school rooms appears to focus on the effects on schoolchildren in general, their teachers and the hearing impaired. Only limited attention appears to have been given to those students experiencing the other disabilities involving auditory function deficit. It is ==imperative==[^必要的] that the needs of these children **are taken into account**[^take ... into account：将……纳入考虑范围] in the setting of appropriate international standards to be ==promulgated==[^promulgate：v.发布] in future.



==medical==：医学的

==period==：时段



## Passage 2

**==Venus==[^金星] in ==transit==[^凌日]**

*June 2004 saw the first passage, known as a 'transit', of the planet Venus across the face of the Sun in 122 years. Transits have helped shape our view of the whole Universe, as Heather Cooper and Nigel Henbest explain.*

 

A On 8 June 2004, more than half the population of the world were treated to a rare astronomical event. For over six hours, the planet Venus steadily inched its way over the surface of the sun. This ‘transit’ of Venus was the first since 6 December 1882. On that occasion, the American astronomer Professor Simon Newcomb led a party to South Africa to observe the event. They were base at a girl’s school, where – it is ==alleged==[^allege：v.声称] – the combined forces of three ==schoolmistresses==[^女教师] ==outperformed==[^outperform：v.优于；胜过] the ==professionals==[^专业人士] with the accuracy of their observations.

 

B For centuries, transits of Venus have drawn explorers and astronomers ==alike==[^相同地] to **the four corners**[^全部范围] of the globe. And you can **put it all down to**[^将一切归因于] the ==extraordinary==[^非凡的] ==polymath==[^博学的] Edmond Halley. In November 1677, Halley observed a transit of the ==innermost==[^最内的] planet, Mercury, from the desolate island of St Helena in the South Pacific. He realized that, from different latitudes, the passage of the planet across the Sun’s disc would appear to differ. By ==timing==[^time：v.为……计时] the transit from two widely-separated locations, teams of astronomers could calculate the ==parallax==[^n.视差] angle – the apparent difference in position of an astronomical body due to a difference in the observer’s position. Calculating this angle would allow astronomers to measure what was then the ultimate goal: the distance of the Earth from the Sun. This distance is known as the 'astronomical unit' or AU.

 

C Halley was aware that the AU was one of the most fundamental of all astronomical measurements. Johannes Kepler, in the early 17th century, had shown that the distances of the planets from the Sun governed their orbital speeds, which were easily measurable. But no-one had found a way to calculate accurate distances to the planets from the Earth. The goal was to measure the AU; then, knowing the orbital speeds of all the other planets round the Sun, the scale of the Solar System would fall into place. However, Halley realized that Mercury was so far away that its parallax angle would be very difficult to determine. As Venus was closer to the Earth, its parallax angle would be larger, and Halley worked out that by using Venus it would be possible to measure the Sun’s distance ==to==[^prep.差；这里表示“误差”] **1 ==part==[^……分之一] in 500**[^五百分之一; a hundred part：百分之一]. But there was a problem: transits of Venus, unlike those of Mercury, are rare, occurring **in pairs**[^成对地] roughly eight years ==apart==[^分开；这里句子里表是“成对相隔八年依次出现] every hundred **or so**[^大约] years. Nevertheless, he accurately predicted that Venus would cross the face of the Sun in both 1761 and 1769 – though he didn’t survive to see either.

 

D Inspired by Halley’s suggestion of a way to **pin down**[^确定] the scale of the Solar System, teams of British and French astronomers set out on ==expeditions==[^远程] ==to==[^prep.到某处] places as ==diverse==[^不同的；各式各样的] as India and Siberia. But things weren’t helped ==by==[^由于] Britain and France being at war. The person who deserves most sympathy is the French astronomer Guillaume Le Gentil. He was ==thwarted==[^thwart：v.挫败] by the fact that the British were ==besieging==[^besiege：v.包围] his observation site at Pondicherry in India. Fleeing on a French warship crossing the Indian Ocean, Le Gentill saw a wonderful transit – but the ship’s ==pitching==[^倾斜] and ==rolling==[^动摇] **ruled out**[^rule out：排除] any attempt at making accurate observations. ==Undaunted==[^勇敢地], he ==remained==[^remain：v.留下] south of the equator, keeping himself busy by studying the islands of Mauritius and Madagascar before **setting off**[^set off：出发] to observe the next transit in the Philippines. Ironically after travelling nearly 50,000 kilometres, his view was clouded out at the last moment, a very dispiriting experience.

 

E While the early transit timings were as precise as instruments would allow, the measurements were ==dogged==[^dog：v.困扰] by the ‘black drop’ effect. When Venus begins to cross the Sun’s disc, it looks ==smeared==[^弄脏的；引申义”模糊的“] not ==circular==[^圆形的] – which makes it difficult to establish timings. This **is due to**[^be due to：由于] ==diffraction==[^衍射] of light. The second problem is that Venus ==exhibits==[^表现出] a ==halo==[^光晕] of light when it is seen just outside the Sun’s disc. ==While==[^尽管] this showed astronomers that Venus was surrounded by a thick layer of gases refracting sunlight around it, both effects made it impossible to obtain accurate timings.

 

F But astronomers laboured hard to analyse the results of these expeditions to observe Venus transits. Johann Franz Encke, Director of the Berlin Observatory, finally determined a value for the AU based on all these parallax measurements: 153,340,000 km. Reasonably accurate for the time, that is quite close to today’s value of 149,597,870 km, determined by radar, which has now ==superseded==[^supersede：v.取代] transits and all other methods in accuracy. The AU is a cosmic measuring rod, and the basis of how we scale the Universe today. The parallax principle can be extended to measure the distances to the ==stars==[^恒星]. If we look at a star in ==January==[^一月] – when Earth is **at one point**[^在某个点] in its orbit – it will seem to be in a different position ==from==[^prep.与……（不同）] where it appears six months later. Knowing the width of Earth’s orbit, the parallax shift lets astronomers calculate the distance.

 

G June 2004’s transit of Venus was thus **more of** an astronomical spectacle **than**[^不只是……更是……] a scientifically important event. But such transits have paved the way for what might prove to be one of the most vital breakthroughs in the cosmos – ==detecting==[^detect：v.探测] Earth-sized planets orbiting other stars.



==prevent==：阻止

==distorted==：变形的

**manage to do sth**.：设法做成了某事；勉强做到

**far away**：远地；远的



## Passage 3

**A neuroscientist reveals how to think differently**

In the last decade a revolution has occurred in the way that scientists think about the brain. We now know that the decisions humans make can be traced to the ==firing patterns==[^放电模式] of neurons in specific parts of the brain. These discoveries have led to the field known as neuroeconomics, which studies the brain’s secrets to success in an economic environment that demands innovation and being able to do things differently from competitors. A brain that can do this is an ==iconoclastic==[^打破旧习的；偶像破坏的] one. Briefly, an ==iconoclast==[^偶像破坏者；提倡打破旧习的人] is a person who does something that others say can’t be done.

 

This definition implies that iconoclasts are different from other people, but more precisely, it is their brains that are different in three ==distinct==[^不同的] ==ways==[^方面]: perception, fear response, and social intelligence. Each of these three functions utilizes a different circuit in the brain. ==Naysayers==[^否定者] might suggest that the brain is irrelevant, that thinking in an original, even revolutionary, way is more a matter of personality than brain function. But the field of neuroeconomics was born out of the realization that the ==physical workings==[^生理功能] of the brain **place limitations on**[^对……施加限制] the way we make decisions. By understanding these constraints, we begin to understand why some people march to a different drumbeat.

 

The first thing to realize is that the brain suffers from limited resources. It has a fixed energy budget, about the same as a 40 watt light bulb, so it has evolved to work as efficiently as possible. This is where most people are ==impeded==[^impede：v.阻碍] from being an iconoclast. For example, when confronted with information streaming from the eyes, the brain will interpret this information in the quickest way possible. Thus it will draw on both past experience and any other source of information, such as what other people say, to make sense of what it is seeing. This happens all the time. the brain takes ==shortcuts== [^捷径]that work so well we are hardly ever aware of them. We think our perceptions of the world are real, but they are only biological and electrical ==rumblings==[^隆隆声，轰鸣声]. Perception is not ==simply==[^仅仅] a product of what your eyes or ears transmit to your brain. **More than**[^不只是] the physical reality of ==photons==[^光子] or ==sound waves==[^声波], perception is a product of the brain.

 

Perception is central to iconoclasm. Iconoclasts see things differently to other people. Their brains do not fall into efficiency pitfalls as much as the average person’s brain. Iconoclasts, either because they were born that way or through learning, have found ways to work ==around==[^prep.避开；绕过] the ==perceptual==[^知觉的，感知的] shortcuts that plague most people. Perception is not something that is ==hardwired==[^基本的；固有的] into the brain. It is a learned process, which is both a curse and an opportunity for change. The brain faces the fundamental problem of interpreting physical ==stimuli==[^刺激] from the senses. Everything the brain sees, hears, or touches has multiple Interpretations. The one that is ultimately chosen is simply the brain's best theory. In technical terms, these ==conjectures==[^猜测] have their basis in the statistical likelihood of one interpretation ==over==[^prep.优于] another and are heavily influenced by past experience and, importantly for potential iconoclasts, what other people say.

 

The best way to see things differently to other people is to ==bombard==[^轰炸] the brain with things it has never encountered before. Novelty releases the perceptual process ==from==[^免于] the chains of past experience and forces the brain to make new judgments. Successful iconoclasts have an ==extraordinary==[^异乎寻常的] willingness to be exposed to what is fresh and different. Observation of iconoclasts shows that they embrace novelty while most people avoid things that are different.

 

The problem with novelty, however, is that it tends to trigger the brain’s fear system. Fear is a major ==impediment==[^阻碍] to thinking like an iconoclast and stops the average person in his ==tracks==[^方向；轨道]. There are many types of fear, but the two that ==inhibit==[^抑制] iconoclastic thinking and people generally find difficult to deal with are fear of uncertainty and fear of public ridicule. These may seem like ==trivial==[^琐碎的] phobias[^恐怖症]. But fear of public speaking, which everyone must do **from time to time**[^时不时], ==afflicts==[^折磨] one-third of the population. This makes it **too** common **to**[^too ... to ...：太……而不……] be considered a mental disorder. It is simply a common variant of human nature, one which iconoclasts do not let inhibit their reactions.

 

Finally, to be successful iconoclasts, individuals must sell their ideas to other people. This is <u>where</u>[^“where” 引导的表语从句，“where” 在从句中作抽象的地点状语，在这里表示 “在这种情况下”“在这个方面” 等含义] social intelligence comes in. Social intelligence is the ability to understand and manage people in a business setting. In the last decade there has been an explosion of knowledge about the social brain and how the brain works when groups coordinate decision making. Neuroscience has revealed which brain circuits are responsible for functions like understanding what other people think, ==empathy==[^共鸣], fairness, and social identity. These brain regions play key roles in whether people **convince** others **of**[^convince ... of ...：使……信服……] their ideas. Perception is important in social cognition too. The perception of someone’s enthusiasm, or reputation, can make or break a ==deal==[^生意]. Understanding how perception becomes ==intertwined==[^intertwine：v.使缠结，缠绕] with social decision making shows why successful iconoclasts are so rare.

 

Iconoclasts create new opportunities in every area from artistic expression to technology to business. They supply creativity and innovation not easily accomplished by committees. Rules aren’t important to them. Iconoclasts face alienation and failure, but can also be a major asset to any organization. It is crucial for success in any field to understand how the iconoclastic mind works.



==unusual==：不寻常的

==centralise==：把……集中起来

==distinctive==：独特的；与众不同的

==unusually==：特别地，极其，非常

==demanding==：费时费力的；苛刻的，难以满足的

