# Test 1

## Passage 1

A Chronicle of Timekeeping

Our conception of time depends on the way we measure it



A  According to archaeological evidence, **at least** [^至少]5,000 years ago, and long before the advent of the Roman Empire, the Babylonians began to measure time, introducing calendars to ==co-ordinate==[^统筹] ==communal== [^公共的]activities, to plan the shipment of goods and, in particular, to regulate planting and harvesting. They based their calendars on three natural cycles: the solar day, marked by the successive periods of light and darkness as the earth rotates on its axis; the lunar month, following the phases of the moon as it orbits the earth; and the solar year, defined by the changing seasons that accompany our planet's revolution around the sun.





B  Before the invention of artificial light, the moon had greater social impact. And, for those living near the equator in particular, its ==waxing and waning== [^月圆月缺]was more ==conspicuous==[^明显的] than the passing of the seasons. Hence, the calendars that were developed at the lower latitudes were influenced more by the lunar cycle than by the solar year. In more northern ==climes==[^气候区], however, where seasonal agriculture was practised, the solar year became more crucial. As the Roman Empire expanded northward, it organised its activity chart for the most part around the solar year.





C  Centuries before the Roman Empire, the Egyptians had formulated a ==municipal==[^市政的] calendar having 12 months of 30 days, with five days added to approximate the solar year. Each period of ten days was marked by the appearance of special groups of stars called decans. At the rise of the star ==Sirius==[^天狼星] just before sunrise, which occurred around the ==all-important==[^极其重要的] annual flooding of the ==Nile==[^尼罗河], 12 decans could be seen ==spanning==[^span: vt.==横跨== n.时间跨度] the heavens. The cosmic **significance** the Egyptians **placed in** [^place significance in ...: 给...赋予意义]the 12 decans led them to develop a system in which each interval of darkness (and later, each interval of daylight) was divided into a dozen equal parts. These periods became known as ==temporal hours== [^日光时]because their duration varied according to the changing length of days and nights with the passing of the seasons. Summer <u>hours</u> were long, winter <u>ones</u>[^代指前面"hours"] short; only at the spring and autumn ==equinoxes==[^春秋分] were the hours of daylight and darkness equal. Temporal hours, which were first adopted by the Greeks and then the Romans, who ==disseminated== [^v.传播]them through Europe, remained in use for more than 2,500 years.





D  In order to track temporal hours during the day, inventors created sundials, which indicate time by the length or direction of the sun's shadow. The sundial's counterpart, the water clock, was designed to measure temporal hours at night. One of the first water clocks was a basin with a small hole near the bottom through which the water dripped out. The falling water level denoted the passing hour <u>as</u>[^随着] it dipped below hour lines ==inscribed==[^v.雕刻] on the inner surface. Although these devices performed satisfactorily around the Mediterranean, they could not always be depended on in the cloudy and often freezing weather of northern Europe.





E  The advent of the mechanical clock meant that although it could be adjusted to maintain temporal <u>hours</u>, it **was naturally suited to**[^be suited to doing: 适合于] keeping equal <u>ones</u>[^代指前面的"hours"]. With these, however, <u>arose the question of when to begin counting</u>[^完全倒装句，正确语序：the question of when to begin counting arose], and so, in the early 14th century, a number of systems evolved. The schemes that divided the day into 24 equal parts varied according to the start of the count: Italian hours began at sunset, Babylonian hours at sunrise, ==astronomical==[^天文的] hours at midday and 'great clock' hours, used for some large public clocks in Germany, at midnight. Eventually these were ==superseded==[^supersede: v.取代] by <u>'small clock', or French, hours</u>[^用or插入补充解释，表示“小钟时间，即法国时间“], which split the day into two 12-hour periods ==commencing==[^commence: v.开始] at midnight.





F  The earliest recorded weight-driven mechanical clock was built in 1283 in Bedfordshire in England. The revolutionary aspect of this new timekeeper was neither the descending weight that provided its motive force nor the gear wheels (which had been around for at least 1,300 years) that transferred the power; it was the part called the ==escapement==[^专业术语：擒纵机构棘轮装置]. In the early 1400s came the invention of the ==coiled spring==[^螺旋弹簧] or fusee which maintained constant force to the gear wheels of the timekeeper despite the changing tension of its mainspring. By the 16th century, a ==pendulum==[^钟摆] clock had been devised, but the pendulum swung in a large ==arc==[^弧线] and thus was not very efficient.





G  To address this, a variation on the original escapement was invented in 1670, in England. It was called the anchor escapement, which was a lever-based device shaped like a ship's anchor. The motion of a pendulum rocks this device so that it catches and then releases each tooth of the escape wheel, **in turn**[^相应地] allowing it to turn a precise amount. Unlike the original form used in early pendulum clocks, the anchor escapement permitted the pendulum to travel in a very small arc. Moreover, this invention allowed the use of a long pendulum which could beat once a second and thus led to the development of a new floor-standing case design, which became known as the grandfather clock.





H  Today, highly accurate timekeeping instruments set the beat for most electronic devices. Nearly all computers contain a quartz-crystal clock to regulate their operation. Moreover, not only do time signals beamed down from Global Positioning System satellites calibrate the functions of precision navigation equipment, they do so as well for mobile phones, instant stock-trading systems and nationwide power-distribution grids. <u>So integral have</u>[^部分倒装句] these time-based technologies become to ==day-to-day existence==[^日常生活] <u>that</u> [^so ... that ...：如此……以至于……，引导结果状语部分倒装句]our dependency on them is recognised only when they **fail to** [^fail to do sth.：未能做某事]work.



## Passage 2

**AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL IN THE USA**

A  An accident that occurred in the skies over the Grand Canyon in 1956 resulted in the establishment of the Federal ==Aviation==[^n.航空] Administration (FAA) to regulate and oversee the operation of aircraft in the skies over the United States, which were becoming quite congested. The resulting structure of air traffic control has greatly increased the safety of flight in the United States, and similar air traffic control procedures are also in place over much of the rest of the world.

 

B  Rudimentary air traffic control (ATC) existed well before the Grand Canyon disaster. **As early as**[^早在……] the 1920s, the earliest air traffic controllers manually guided aircraft in the vicinity of the airports, using lights and flags, while ==beacons==[^灯标] and flashing lights „ were placed along ==cross-country==[^越野的] routes to establish the earliest airways. However, this purely visual system was useless in bad weather, and, by the 1930s, radio ==communication== [^通讯]was coming into use for ATC. The first region to have something approximating today's ATC was New York City, with other major metropolitan areas following **soon after**[^不久之后].

 

C  In the 1940s, ATC centres could and did take advantage of the newly developed radar and improved radio communication **brought about**[^bring about：引起；导致] by the Second World War, but the system remained rudimentary. It was only after the creation of the FAA that, ==full-scale==[^全面的] regulation of America's airspace **took place**[^发生], and this was ==fortuitous==[^偶然的], <u>for</u>[^conj.  因为] the advent of the ==jet engine==[^喷气式发动机] suddenly resulted in **a large number of**[^大量的] very fast planes, reducing pilots' ==margin==[^幅度] of ==error==[^误差] and practically demanding some set of rules to keep everyone well separated and operating safely in the air.

 

D  Many people think that ATC consists of a row of controllers sitting in front of their radar screens at the nation's airports, telling arriving and departing traffic what to do.  This is a very ==incomplete==[^不完整的] part of the ==picture==[^场景]. The FAA realised that the airspace over the United States would at any time have many different kinds of planes, flying for many different purposes, in a variety of weather conditions, and the same kind of ==structure==[^体系] was needed to ==accommodate==[^容纳] all of them.

 

E  To meet this challenge, the following elements **were put into effect**[^put sth. into effect：使某事生效]. First, ATC extends over ==virtually==[^几乎] the entire United States. In general, from 365m above the ground and higher, the entire country is blanketed by controlled airspace. In certain areas, mainly near airports, controlled airspace extends down to 215m above the ground, and, in the ==immediate==[^紧邻的] vicinity of an airport, **all the way**[^一直] down to the surface. Controlled airspace is that airspace in which FAA regulations apply. Elsewhere, in uncontrolled airspace, pilots **are bound by**[^be bound by：受限制] fewer regulations. **In this way**[^以这种方式], the ==recreational==[^娱乐的] pilot who simply wishes to go flying for a while without all the restrictions imposed by the FAA has only to stay in uncontrolled airspace, below 365m, <u>while</u>[^conj. 而] the pilot who does want the protection ==afforded==[^afford：v. 提供] by ATC can easily enter the controlled airspace.

 

F  The FAA then recognised two types of operating environments. In good meteorological conditions, flying would be permitted under Visual Flight Rules (VFR), which suggests a strong reliance on visual cues to maintain an acceptable level of safety..Poor visibility necessitated a set of ==Instrumental==[^仪表的] Flight Rules (IFR), under which the pilot relied on altitude and navigational information provided by the plane's ==instrument panel==[^仪表盘] to fly safely. On a clear day, a pilot in controlled airspace can choose a VFR or IFR flight plan, and the FAA regulations were devised in a way which accommodates both VFR and IFR operations in the same airspace. However, a pilot can ==only==[^adv. 完全；真正] choose to fly IFR if they possess an instrument ==rating==[^等级] which is **above and beyond**[^超出] the basic pilot's license that must also be held.

 

G  Controlled airspace is divided into several different types, ==designated==[^designate：v. 把……定名为] by letters of the alphabet. Uncontrolled airspace is designated Class F, while controlled airspace below 5,490m above sea level and not in the vicinity of an airport is Class E. All airspace above 5,490m is designated Class A. The reason for the division of Class E and Class A airspace **stems from**[^源于] the type of planes operating in them. Generally, Class E airspace is where <u>one</u>[^泛指 “人们；一个人”] finds ==general==[^通用的] aviation aircraft (few of which can climb above 5,490m anyway), and commercial ==turboprop==[^n. 涡轮螺桨发动机] aircraft. Above 5,490m is the realm of the heavy jets, since jet engines operate more efficiently at higher altitudes. The difference between Class E and A airspace is that in Class A, all operations are IFR, and pilots must be instrument-rated, that is, ==skilled==[^熟练的] and ==licensed==[^得到许可的] in aircraft instrumentation. This is because ATC control of the entire space is essential. Three other types of airspace, Classes D, C and B, govern the vicinity of airports. These **correspond** roughly **to**[^correspnd to：对应于] small ==municipal==[^城市的], ==medium-sized==[^中型的] metropolitan and ==major==[^大型的] ==metropolitan==[^大都市的] ==airports==[^机场]respectively, and ==encompass==[^v. 包含] an increasingly ==rigorous==[^严格的] set of ==regulations==[^n.规章制度]. For example, all <u>a VFR pilot has to do</u>[^定语从句] <u>to enter Class C airspace</u>[^目的状语] is establish ==two-way==[^双向的] radio contact with ATC. No explicit permission from ATC to enter is needed, although the pilot must **continue to**[^始终] obey all regulations governing VFR flight. To enter Class B airspace, such as on approach to a major metropolitan airport, an explicit ATC ==clearance==[^许可] is required. The private pilot who cruises without permission into this airspace **risks losing**[^risk doing sth.：冒险做某事] their license.



**coincidental**：adj.巧合的

**zone**：n.范围



## Passage 3

**==Telepathy==**[^心灵感应]

Can human beings communicate by thought alone? For more than a century the issue of telepathy has ==divided==[^divide：v. 使产生分歧] the scientific community, and even today it still ==sparks==[^引发] ==bitter==[^激烈的] controversy among ==top academics==[^顶尖学者].


Since the 1970s, ==parapsychologists==[^超心理学家] at ==leading==[^顶尖的] universities and research institutes around the world have risked the ==derision==[^嘲笑]of sceptical colleagues by putting the various ==claims==[^断言假说] for telepathy to the test in dozens of rigorous scientific studies. The results and their implications are dividing even the researchers who uncovered them.


Some researchers say the results constitute compelling evidence that telepathy is ==genuine==[^真正的]. Other parapsychologists believe the ==field==[^领域] is **on the ==brink==[^边缘] of**[^处在……的边缘] collapse, <u>having tried to produce ==definitive==[^明确的] scientific proof and failed</u>[^现在分词的完成式作原因状语]. ==Sceptics==[^怀疑者] and ==advocates==[^倡导者] ==alike==[^adv. 两者都；同样地] do ==concur==[^v. 同意；赞成] on one issue, however: that the most impressive evidence **so far**[^迄今为止] has come from the so-called'==ganzfeld==[^德国术语：超感官知觉全域测试 ] experiments, a German term that means ‘whole field'. Reports of telepathic experiences had by people during meditation led parapsychologists to suspect that telepathy might involve 'signals' passing between people that were so ==faint==[^微弱的] that they were usually ==swamped==[^swamp: v.淹没] by normal brain activity. In this case, such signals might be more easily detected by those experiencing ==meditation-like==[^类似冥想的] ==tranquillity==[^宁静；平静] in a relaxing ‘whole field' of light, sound and warmth.


The ganzfeld experiment tries to recreate these conditions with participants sitting in soft ==reclining chairs==[^躺椅] in a sealed room, listening to relaxing sounds while their eyes are covered with special ==filters==[^滤光器] **letting in**[^let in：允许进入] only soft pink light. In early ganzfeld experiments, the telepathy test involved identification of a picture chosen from a random selection of four taken from a large image bank. The idea was that a person acting as a ‘sender’, would attempt to beam the image over to the ‘receiver’, relaxing in the sealed room. Once the session was over, this person was asked to identify which of the four images had been used. Random guessing would give a ==hit-rate==[^命中率] of 25 per cent; if telepathy is real, however, the hit-rate would be higher. In 1982, the results from the first ganzfeld studies were analysed by one of its pioneers, the American parapsychologist Charles Honorton. They **pointed to**[^point to：显示；指出] typical hit-rates of **better than**[^超过；多于（=more than）] 30 per cent - a small <u>effect</u>, but <u>one</u>[^指代前面的"effect"] which <u>statistical tests suggested</u>[^插入语] could not **be put down to**[^put sth. down to ...：将某事归因于……] ==chance==[^偶然].


The implication was that the ganzfeld method had revealed real evidence for telepathy. But there was a crucial flaw in this argument — one routinely overlooked in more ==conventional==[^传统的] areas of science. <u>Just because chance had been **ruled out**[^rule out：排除] ==as==[^作为] an explanation</u>[^“because” 引导的原因状语从句在句中充当**主语**] did not prove telepathy must exist; there were many other ways of getting positive results. These ranged from ‘sensory leakage' - where clues about the pictures accidentally reach the receiver - to outright fraud. **In response**[^作为回应], the researchers issued a ==review==[^综述] of all the ganzfeld studies done **up to**[^直到] 1985 to show that 80 per cent had found statistically significant evidence. However, they also agreed that there were still too many problems in the experiments which could lead to positive results, and they **drew up**[^draw up：起草；草拟] a ==list==[^清单] ==demanding==[^demand：v.要求] new standards for future research.


After this, many researchers switched to autoganzfeld tests - an automated variant of the technique which used computers to perform many of the key tasks such as the random selection of images. By minimising human involvement, the idea was to minimise the risk of flawed results. In 1987, results from hundreds of autoganzfeld tests were studied by Honorton in a 'meta-analysis', a statistical technique for finding the overall results from a set of studies. <u>Though **less** compelling **than**[^less ... than ...：比……少] before</u>[^比较状语从句的省略形式，完整形式为 “Though the outcome was less compelling than before”], the outcome was still impressive.

Yet some parapsychologists remain disturbed by the lack of consistency between individual ganzfeld studies. ==Defenders==[^捍卫者] of telepathy **point out**[^指出] that demanding impressive evidence from every study ignores one basic statistical fact: it takes large samples to detect small effects. If, as current results suggest, telepathy produces hit-rates only ==marginally==[^略微地] above the 25 per cent expected **by chance**[^随机地；偶然地], it's unlikely to be detected by a typical ganzfeld study involving around 40 people: the group is just not big enough. <u>Only[^**only + 状语（从句）** 置于句首，句子要部分倒装，即把助动词、情态动词或 be 动词提到主语之前，这里提前的是will] when</u>[^引导时间状语从句] many studies are combined in a meta-analysis <u>will</u> the faint signal of telepathy really <u>become</u> apparent. And that is what researchers do seem to be finding.


What they are certainly not finding, however, is any change in attitude of mainstream scientists: most still totally reject the ==very==[^adj. (加强名词的语气) 唯独的；仅仅的] idea of telepathy. The problem stems at least **in part**[^部分地] from the lack of any plausible mechanism for telepathy.

Various theories have been **put forward**[^put forward：提出], <u>many focusing on ==esoteric==[^深奥的] ideas from theoretical physics</u>[^“many” 指代 “many theories”，与前面主句的主语 “Various theories” 相关，但在结构上有相对独立性，构成独立主格结构]. They include '==quantum entanglement==[^量子纠缠]', in which events affecting one group of atoms instantly affect another group, **no matter how**[^无论怎样，引导让步状语从句，后接形容词或副词] **far apart**[^相隔甚远] they may be. While physicists have demonstrated entanglement ==with==[^prep. 用] specially prepared atoms, no-one knows if it also exists between atoms **making up**[^make up：构成] human minds. Answering such questions would transform parapsychology. This has prompted some researchers to argue that the future ==lies==[^v. 在于] not in collecting more evidence for telepathy, but in probing possible mechanisms. Some work has begun already, with researchers trying to identify people who are particularly successful in autoganzfeld trials. Early results show that creative and artistic people **do much better than average**[^表现远远高于平均水平]: in one study at the University of Edinburgh, musicians achieved a hit-rate of 56 per cent. Perhaps more tests like these will eventually give the researchers the evidence they are seeking and strengthen the ==case==[^依据] for the existence of telepathy.



**be subjected to**：经受

